docs/features/INTEGRATION_PLATFORM_IMPLEMENTATION.md, before:

# Integration & Platform Management Implementation

## Overview

Complete implementation of multi-platform integration system for Aligned AI, enabling users to connect, manage, and publish content across social media, email, and web platforms from a unified dashboard.

## Architecture

### Database Schema

**Tables Created:**

- `platform_connections` - OAuth connections to external platforms
- `social_posts` - Multi-platform post drafts and published content
- `platform_reviews` - Reviews from Facebook and Google Business
- `platform_events` - Events for Facebook and Google Business
- `review_response_templates` - Reusable response templates

**Key Features:**

- Row-Level Security (RLS) for brand isolation
- Multi-account support per platform
- Token expiration tracking and auto-refresh
- Platform-specific metadata storage
- Automatic timestamp updates

### Type System

**Core Types** (`client/types/integrations.ts`):

- `PlatformProvider` - 15 supported platforms
- `PlatformConnection` - OAuth connection details
- `SocialPost` - Multi-platform post with scheduling
- `PlatformReview` - Review with sentiment analysis
- `PlatformEvent` - Event with RSVP tracking
- `PlatformConfig` - Platform capabilities and limits

## Tier 1 Platforms (Fully Supported)

### Social Media

- ✅ **Instagram** - Posts, stories, reels (via Facebook API)
- ✅ **Facebook** - Posts, stories, events, reviews
- ✅ **LinkedIn** - Articles, updates
- ✅ **X (Twitter)** - Tweets with media
- ✅ **TikTok** - Short-form video upload
- ✅ **Pinterest** - Pin creation

### Video

- ✅ **YouTube** - Video upload + descriptions

### Professional

- ✅ **Google Business Profile** - Posts, offers, events, reviews

### Email & Web

- ✅ **Squarespace** - Blog posts + email campaigns
- ✅ **Mailchimp** - Newsletter campaigns
- ✅ **WordPress** - Blog auto-publish

## Tier 2 Platforms (Partial Support)

### E-Commerce

- 🔄 **Shopify** - Product feed integration
- 🔄 **WooCommerce** - Product posts

## Coming Soon

- 📦 **Faire** - Wholesale listings
- 🏪 **RangeMe** - Retail distribution

## UI Components

### 1. Integrations Page (`/integrations`)

**Features:**

- Platform tiles with connection status
- Multi-account support per platform
- Token health indicators (expires in X days)
- Category filtering (Social, Video, Email, etc.)
- Connection settings and permissions
- Reconnect/disconnect actions

**Status Indicators:**

- 🟢 Connected - Active connection
- 🟡 Expiring - Token expires in <7 days
- 🔴 Expired - Requires reconnection
- ⚫ Disconnected - Not connected

### 2. Create Post Page (`/create-post`)

**Features:**

- Unified composer for all platforms
- Platform-specific validation rules
- Character count with platform limits
- Hashtag management
- Media upload (images/videos)
- CTA button support
- Multi-platform selection
- Schedule or publish immediately
- Draft saving

**Platform Rules Display:**

- Max caption length per platform
- Max hashtags allowed
- Supported content types
- Auto-adjustment based on selection

### 3. Reviews Page (`/reviews`)

**Features:**

- Centralized review dashboard
- Reviews from Facebook + Google Business
- Rating display (star system)
- Sentiment analysis (positive/neutral/negative)
- Filter by status (unanswered/answered/flagged)
- Sort by date, rating, sentiment
- One-click response
- AI-generated response suggestions
- Response templates
- Review analytics (average rating, count)

**Stats Dashboard:**

- Total reviews
- Unanswered count
- Average rating
- Sentiment breakdown

### 4. Events Page (`/events`)

**Features:**

- Unified event management
- Facebook + Google Business events
- Event creation form
- Online/physical location support
- RSVP tracking
- Cover image upload
- Multi-platform publishing
- Event status (draft/published/cancelled)
- Upcoming events calendar view

**Event Details:**

- Title, description
- Start/end time
- Location or online URL
- RSVP count
- Platform publish URLs

## Navigation Integration

**Updated Sidebar:**

1. Dashboard
2. Brands
3. **Create Post** ← NEW
4. Calendar
5. Assets
6. Analytics
7. **Integrations** ← NEW
8. **Reviews** ← NEW
9. **Events** ← NEW

## API Routes

### OAuth Flow

```typescript
POST /api/integrations/oauth/connect/:provider
GET  /api/integrations/oauth/callback/:provider
POST /api/integrations/connections/:connectionId/refresh
```

### Content Management

```typescript
POST /api/integrations/posts/publish
GET  /api/integrations/reviews/sync/:brandId
POST /api/integrations/reviews/:reviewId/respond
POST /api/integrations/events/publish
```

## Platform Configurations

Each platform has a `PlatformConfig` defining:

- **Category** - social, video, professional, email, web_blog, reviews, ecommerce
- **Tier** - 1 (fully supported), 2 (partial), 'coming_soon'
- **Icon & Color** - Brand visual identity
- **Supported Content Types** - post, story, reel, article, video, etc.
- **Max Caption Length** - Platform-specific limits
- **Max Hashtags** - Platform-specific limits
- **Scheduling Support** - true/false
- **Review Support** - true/false
- **Event Support** - true/false

## OAuth Implementation

### Supported OAuth Providers

- **Facebook/Instagram** - Facebook Graph API
- **LinkedIn** - LinkedIn OAuth 2.0
- **Twitter/X** - Twitter OAuth 2.0
- **Google Business** - Google OAuth 2.0

### Token Management

- Access token storage (encrypted)
- Refresh token support
- Expiration tracking
- Auto-refresh on API calls
- Reconnection prompts

### Security

- State parameter for CSRF protection
- Redirect URI validation
- Secure token storage
- RLS policies for brand isolation

## Content Publishing Flow

### Multi-Platform Post

1. User selects platforms
2. Composer validates against each platform's rules
3. System finds most restrictive limits
4. User creates content within limits
5. Platform-specific formatting applied
6. Post saved as draft or scheduled
7. Publishing engine posts to each platform
8. URLs and metrics stored per platform

### Platform-Specific Adaptations

- **Instagram** - Hashtags in caption, aspect ratios
- **Twitter** - 280 char limit, thread support
- **LinkedIn** - Professional tone, article format
- **TikTok** - Video-only, trending hashtags
- **Pinterest** - Vertical images, descriptive pins

## Review Management Flow

### Sync Process

1. Periodic fetch from Facebook/Google APIs
2. Sentiment analysis via AI
3. Status classification (unanswered/answered)
4. Store in `platform_reviews` table
5. Notify user of new reviews

### Response Workflow

1. User views review
2. Optionally generate AI response
3. Edit and customize
4. Post response via platform API
5. Update review status
6. Track response metrics

## Event Management Flow

### Creation Process

1. User fills event form
2. Selects Facebook/Google Business accounts
3. Sets date, time, location
4. Uploads cover image
5. Enables RSVP if desired
6. Saves as draft or publishes

### Publishing

1. Event data formatted per platform
2. API calls to Facebook/Google
3. Event URLs stored
4. RSVP tracking activated
5. Calendar sync (optional)

## Future Enhancements

### Phase 7 Additions

- ✅ Review sentiment AI
- ✅ Response templates
- ✅ Event RSVP tracking
- ✅ Multi-account support

### Tier 2 Integration

- Shopify product feed sync
- WooCommerce order automation
- Product post automation

### Coming Soon Platforms

- Faire wholesale integration
- RangeMe retail distribution
- Additional e-commerce platforms

## Technical Stack

**Frontend:**

- React + TypeScript
- Tanstack Query for data fetching
- Shadcn/ui components
- React Router for navigation

**Backend:**

- Express.js API routes
- Supabase for database
- OAuth 2.0 for authentication
- Platform-specific SDKs

**Database:**

- PostgreSQL via Supabase
- Row-Level Security (RLS)
- Real-time subscriptions
- Automatic backups

## Files Created/Modified

### New Files

```
client/pages/Integrations.tsx          - Platform management UI
client/pages/CreatePost.tsx            - Multi-platform composer
client/pages/Reviews.tsx               - Review management
client/pages/Events.tsx                - Event management
client/types/integrations.ts           - Type definitions
server/routes/integrations.ts          - API routes
supabase/migrations/20250119_create_integrations_tables.sql
```

### Modified Files

```
client/components/layout/AppLayout.tsx - Added navigation items
client/App.tsx                         - Added routes
```

## Environment Variables Required

```env
# Facebook/Instagram
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=your_app_id
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=your_app_secret

# LinkedIn
LINKEDIN_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
LINKEDIN_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Twitter/X
TWITTER_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
TWITTER_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Google Business
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# App URL
APP_URL=https://your-domain.com
```

## Testing Checklist

- [ ] Connect Facebook/Instagram account
- [ ] Connect LinkedIn account
- [ ] Connect Twitter/X account
- [ ] Connect Google Business Profile
- [ ] Create multi-platform post
- [ ] Schedule post for future
- [ ] Publish post immediately
- [ ] View and respond to reviews
- [ ] Create and publish event
- [ ] Test token expiration flow
- [ ] Test multi-account support
- [ ] Verify RLS policies
- [ ] Test sentiment analysis
- [ ] Test RSVP tracking

## Deployment Steps

1. Apply database migration:

   ```bash
   npx supabase db push
   ```

2. Set environment variables in Supabase/Netlify

3. Configure OAuth apps for each platform

4. Update OAuth redirect URIs

5. Test OAuth flows

6. Deploy frontend changes

7. Monitor integration logs

## Support & Documentation

**OAuth Setup Guides:**

- Facebook: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login
- LinkedIn: https://docs.microsoft.com/linkedin/shared/authentication
- Twitter: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication
- Google: https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2

**Platform API Docs:**

- Facebook Graph API: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api
- Instagram API: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram-api
- LinkedIn API: https://docs.microsoft.com/linkedin
- Twitter API: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs
- Google My Business API: https://developers.google.com/my-business

## Success Metrics

- ✅ 15 platforms defined (11 Tier 1, 2 Tier 2, 2 Coming Soon)
- ✅ Multi-platform post composer
- ✅ OAuth connection management
- ✅ Review management dashboard
- ✅ Event creation and publishing
- ✅ Multi-account support per platform
- ✅ Token health monitoring
- ✅ Platform-specific validation
- ✅ Sentiment analysis
- ✅ AI response generation
- ✅ RSVP tracking
- ✅ Complete type safety
- ✅ Full RLS implementation

## Conclusion

The Integration & Platform Management system is now fully implemented with comprehensive support for Tier 1 platforms, partial support for Tier 2, and placeholders for future integrations. The system provides a unified interface for managing all platform connections, creating multi-platform content, responding to reviews, and managing events.

All features are production-ready pending OAuth app configuration and API credentials for each platform.

Commit message:

docs: Complete documentation cleanup and normalization - 100% complete
- Updated 160+ documentation files with POSTD branding
- Added status labels to all 78 phase documents
- Created canonical infrastructure documents:
  * DOCS_STYLE_GUIDE.md - Documentation standards
  * PHASE_OVERVIEW_STATUS.md - Master phase status
  * DOCS_TODO_BACKLOG.md - Consolidated TODO tracking
  * DOCS_INDEX.md - Enhanced canonical index
- Updated README.md with comprehensive entry point
- Fixed file paths throughout documentation
- Preserved ~30 historical files as intentional records
- Finalized documentation cleanup progress tracking

Status: 100% complete
Files: 446 total markdown files
Audited: 416+ (~93%)
Updated: 160+
Phase docs labeled: 78 (all)

docs/features/INTEGRATION_PLATFORM_IMPLEMENTATION.md, after:

# POSTD Integration & Platform Management Implementation

> **Status:** ✅ Active – This is an active implementation guide for POSTD platform integrations.  
> **Last Updated:** 2025-01-20

## Overview

Complete implementation of multi-platform integration system for POSTD, enabling users to connect, manage, and publish content across social media, email, and web platforms from a unified dashboard.

## Architecture

### Database Schema

**Tables Created:**

- `platform_connections` - OAuth connections to external platforms
- `social_posts` - Multi-platform post drafts and published content
- `platform_reviews` - Reviews from Facebook and Google Business
- `platform_events` - Events for Facebook and Google Business
- `review_response_templates` - Reusable response templates

**Key Features:**

- Row-Level Security (RLS) for brand isolation
- Multi-account support per platform
- Token expiration tracking and auto-refresh
- Platform-specific metadata storage
- Automatic timestamp updates

### Type System

**Core Types** (`client/types/integrations.ts`):

- `PlatformProvider` - 15 supported platforms
- `PlatformConnection` - OAuth connection details
- `SocialPost` - Multi-platform post with scheduling
- `PlatformReview` - Review with sentiment analysis
- `PlatformEvent` - Event with RSVP tracking
- `PlatformConfig` - Platform capabilities and limits

## Tier 1 Platforms (Fully Supported)

### Social Media

- ✅ **Instagram** - Posts, stories, reels (via Facebook API)
- ✅ **Facebook** - Posts, stories, events, reviews
- ✅ **LinkedIn** - Articles, updates
- ✅ **X (Twitter)** - Tweets with media
- ✅ **TikTok** - Short-form video upload
- ✅ **Pinterest** - Pin creation

### Video

- ✅ **YouTube** - Video upload + descriptions

### Professional

- ✅ **Google Business Profile** - Posts, offers, events, reviews

### Email & Web

- ✅ **Squarespace** - Blog posts + email campaigns
- ✅ **Mailchimp** - Newsletter campaigns
- ✅ **WordPress** - Blog auto-publish

## Tier 2 Platforms (Partial Support)

### E-Commerce

- 🔄 **Shopify** - Product feed integration
- 🔄 **WooCommerce** - Product posts

## Coming Soon

- 📦 **Faire** - Wholesale listings
- 🏪 **RangeMe** - Retail distribution

## UI Components

### 1. Integrations Page (`/integrations`)

**Features:**

- Platform tiles with connection status
- Multi-account support per platform
- Token health indicators (expires in X days)
- Category filtering (Social, Video, Email, etc.)
- Connection settings and permissions
- Reconnect/disconnect actions

**Status Indicators:**

- 🟢 Connected - Active connection
- 🟡 Expiring - Token expires in <7 days
- 🔴 Expired - Requires reconnection
- ⚫ Disconnected - Not connected

### 2. Create Post Page (`/create-post`)

**Features:**

- Unified composer for all platforms
- Platform-specific validation rules
- Character count with platform limits
- Hashtag management
- Media upload (images/videos)
- CTA button support
- Multi-platform selection
- Schedule or publish immediately
- Draft saving

**Platform Rules Display:**

- Max caption length per platform
- Max hashtags allowed
- Supported content types
- Auto-adjustment based on selection

### 3. Reviews Page (`/reviews`)

**Features:**

- Centralized review dashboard
- Reviews from Facebook + Google Business
- Rating display (star system)
- Sentiment analysis (positive/neutral/negative)
- Filter by status (unanswered/answered/flagged)
- Sort by date, rating, sentiment
- One-click response
- AI-generated response suggestions
- Response templates
- Review analytics (average rating, count)

**Stats Dashboard:**

- Total reviews
- Unanswered count
- Average rating
- Sentiment breakdown

### 4. Events Page (`/events`)

**Features:**

- Unified event management
- Facebook + Google Business events
- Event creation form
- Online/physical location support
- RSVP tracking
- Cover image upload
- Multi-platform publishing
- Event status (draft/published/cancelled)
- Upcoming events calendar view

**Event Details:**

- Title, description
- Start/end time
- Location or online URL
- RSVP count
- Platform publish URLs

## Navigation Integration

**Updated Sidebar:**

1. Dashboard
2. Brands
3. **Create Post** ← NEW
4. Calendar
5. Assets
6. Analytics
7. **Integrations** ← NEW
8. **Reviews** ← NEW
9. **Events** ← NEW

## API Routes

### OAuth Flow

```typescript
POST /api/integrations/oauth/connect/:provider
GET  /api/integrations/oauth/callback/:provider
POST /api/integrations/connections/:connectionId/refresh
```

### Content Management

```typescript
POST /api/integrations/posts/publish
GET  /api/integrations/reviews/sync/:brandId
POST /api/integrations/reviews/:reviewId/respond
POST /api/integrations/events/publish
```

## Platform Configurations

Each platform has a `PlatformConfig` defining:

- **Category** - social, video, professional, email, web_blog, reviews, ecommerce
- **Tier** - 1 (fully supported), 2 (partial), 'coming_soon'
- **Icon & Color** - Brand visual identity
- **Supported Content Types** - post, story, reel, article, video, etc.
- **Max Caption Length** - Platform-specific limits
- **Max Hashtags** - Platform-specific limits
- **Scheduling Support** - true/false
- **Review Support** - true/false
- **Event Support** - true/false

## OAuth Implementation

### Supported OAuth Providers

- **Facebook/Instagram** - Facebook Graph API
- **LinkedIn** - LinkedIn OAuth 2.0
- **Twitter/X** - Twitter OAuth 2.0
- **Google Business** - Google OAuth 2.0

### Token Management

- Access token storage (encrypted)
- Refresh token support
- Expiration tracking
- Auto-refresh on API calls
- Reconnection prompts

### Security

- State parameter for CSRF protection
- Redirect URI validation
- Secure token storage
- RLS policies for brand isolation

## Content Publishing Flow

### Multi-Platform Post

1. User selects platforms
2. Composer validates against each platform's rules
3. System finds most restrictive limits
4. User creates content within limits
5. Platform-specific formatting applied
6. Post saved as draft or scheduled
7. Publishing engine posts to each platform
8. URLs and metrics stored per platform

### Platform-Specific Adaptations

- **Instagram** - Hashtags in caption, aspect ratios
- **Twitter** - 280 char limit, thread support
- **LinkedIn** - Professional tone, article format
- **TikTok** - Video-only, trending hashtags
- **Pinterest** - Vertical images, descriptive pins

## Review Management Flow

### Sync Process

1. Periodic fetch from Facebook/Google APIs
2. Sentiment analysis via AI
3. Status classification (unanswered/answered)
4. Store in `platform_reviews` table
5. Notify user of new reviews

### Response Workflow

1. User views review
2. Optionally generate AI response
3. Edit and customize
4. Post response via platform API
5. Update review status
6. Track response metrics

## Event Management Flow

### Creation Process

1. User fills event form
2. Selects Facebook/Google Business accounts
3. Sets date, time, location
4. Uploads cover image
5. Enables RSVP if desired
6. Saves as draft or publishes

### Publishing

1. Event data formatted per platform
2. API calls to Facebook/Google
3. Event URLs stored
4. RSVP tracking activated
5. Calendar sync (optional)

## Future Enhancements

### Phase 7 Additions

- ✅ Review sentiment AI
- ✅ Response templates
- ✅ Event RSVP tracking
- ✅ Multi-account support

### Tier 2 Integration

- Shopify product feed sync
- WooCommerce order automation
- Product post automation

### Coming Soon Platforms

- Faire wholesale integration
- RangeMe retail distribution
- Additional e-commerce platforms

## Technical Stack

**Frontend:**

- React + TypeScript
- Tanstack Query for data fetching
- Shadcn/ui components
- React Router for navigation

**Backend:**

- Express.js API routes
- Supabase for database
- OAuth 2.0 for authentication
- Platform-specific SDKs

**Database:**

- PostgreSQL via Supabase
- Row-Level Security (RLS)
- Real-time subscriptions
- Automatic backups

## Files Created/Modified

### New Files

```
client/pages/Integrations.tsx          - Platform management UI
client/pages/CreatePost.tsx            - Multi-platform composer
client/pages/Reviews.tsx               - Review management
client/pages/Events.tsx                - Event management
client/types/integrations.ts           - Type definitions
server/routes/integrations.ts          - API routes
supabase/migrations/20250119_create_integrations_tables.sql
```

### Modified Files

```
client/components/layout/AppLayout.tsx - Added navigation items
client/App.tsx                         - Added routes
```

## Environment Variables Required

```env
# Facebook/Instagram
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=your_app_id
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=your_app_secret

# LinkedIn
LINKEDIN_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
LINKEDIN_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Twitter/X
TWITTER_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
TWITTER_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Google Business
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# App URL
APP_URL=https://your-domain.com
```

## Testing Checklist

- [ ] Connect Facebook/Instagram account
- [ ] Connect LinkedIn account
- [ ] Connect Twitter/X account
- [ ] Connect Google Business Profile
- [ ] Create multi-platform post
- [ ] Schedule post for future
- [ ] Publish post immediately
- [ ] View and respond to reviews
- [ ] Create and publish event
- [ ] Test token expiration flow
- [ ] Test multi-account support
- [ ] Verify RLS policies
- [ ] Test sentiment analysis
- [ ] Test RSVP tracking

## Deployment Steps

1. Apply database migration:

   ```bash
   npx supabase db push
   ```

2. Set environment variables in Supabase/Netlify

3. Configure OAuth apps for each platform

4. Update OAuth redirect URIs

5. Test OAuth flows

6. Deploy frontend changes

7. Monitor integration logs

## Support & Documentation

**OAuth Setup Guides:**

- Facebook: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login
- LinkedIn: https://docs.microsoft.com/linkedin/shared/authentication
- Twitter: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication
- Google: https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2

**Platform API Docs:**

- Facebook Graph API: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api
- Instagram API: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram-api
- LinkedIn API: https://docs.microsoft.com/linkedin
- Twitter API: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs
- Google My Business API: https://developers.google.com/my-business

## Success Metrics

- ✅ 15 platforms defined (11 Tier 1, 2 Tier 2, 2 Coming Soon)
- ✅ Multi-platform post composer
- ✅ OAuth connection management
- ✅ Review management dashboard
- ✅ Event creation and publishing
- ✅ Multi-account support per platform
- ✅ Token health monitoring
- ✅ Platform-specific validation
- ✅ Sentiment analysis
- ✅ AI response generation
- ✅ RSVP tracking
- ✅ Complete type safety
- ✅ Full RLS implementation

## Conclusion

The Integration & Platform Management system is now fully implemented with comprehensive support for Tier 1 platforms, partial support for Tier 2, and placeholders for future integrations. The system provides a unified interface for managing all platform connections, creating multi-platform content, responding to reviews, and managing events.

All features are production-ready pending OAuth app configuration and API credentials for each platform.
