EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Aligned-20AI Dashboard - Exploration Summary

## Project Overview

**Aligned-20AI** is a comprehensive AI-powered social media management platform designed to help agencies and brands manage multiple social media accounts, create content, analyze performance, and collaborate with clients. The platform is built with modern web technologies and focuses on intelligent automation and real-time insights.

## Exploration Completed

### Scope
- Full client-side codebase exploration (23 pages, 90+ components)
- Complete server-side architecture (25+ route files, 14 service files)
- All data flow patterns and state management approaches
- All 7 AI advisor panel implementations
- Backend integrations and API structures
- Error handling and logging systems
- Analytics and real-time features

### Time Investment
- Thorough code review of critical files
- Deep dive into hooks and context implementations
- Analysis of all advisor panels
- Backend route and service structure mapping
- Error handling pattern documentation
- API integration strategy documentation

## Key Findings

### Architecture Strengths

1. **Well-Organized File Structure**
   - Clear separation of concerns (pages, components, hooks, contexts)
   - Feature-based organization in dashboard components
   - Consistent naming conventions
   - Shared types reduce duplication

2. **Comprehensive Component Library**
   - 90+ purpose-built dashboard components
   - 40+ reusable UI components
   - All components properly typed with TypeScript
   - Consistent styling approach using TailwindCSS

3. **Robust Error Handling**
   - Centralized error middleware on backend
   - Safe JSON parsing in hooks
   - HTTP status-specific error messages
   - Error boundary for React component errors
   - Request ID tracing for debugging

4. **Multiple Data Fetching Patterns**
   - Direct fetch() for specific needs
   - React Query for cached server state
   - WebSocket (Socket.io) for real-time updates
   - HTTP polling fallback for analytics

5. **AI Integration Foundation**
   - 7 advisor panel variants implemented
   - useBrandIntelligence hook with full error handling
   - Agent system for content validation
   - OpenAI and Claude provider support

### Implementation Status

#### Fully Implemented (20+ sections)
- Dashboard with insights and calendar
- Content creation (Creative Studio)
- Content management (Queue, Approvals)
- Analytics and reporting
- Campaign management
- Brand guides and intelligence
- Media library with multiple views
- Multi-workspace support
- Team collaboration features
- Client portal with approvals
- Event management
- Review management
- Settings and billing

#### Partially Implemented
- Real AI advisor generation (mock data in place)
- Publishing queue execution (job creation ready)
- Webhook handlers (routes defined, logic incomplete)
- Analytics real-time sync (WebSocket structure ready)

#### Mock/Placeholder
- AdvisorPanel and InsightsFeed (4 hardcoded insights)
- Some analytics data sources
- Stripe billing (mock)
- Stock image search (modal ready)

### Data Flow Patterns Identified

1. **Brand Intelligence Flow**
   ```
   useBrandIntelligence hook → API fetch → Safe JSON parsing
   → BrandIntelligence object → Display with feedback capability
   ```

2. **Real-Time Analytics**
   ```
   useRealtimeAnalytics hook → Socket.io → Analytics events
   → State update → Component re-render
   → HTTP polling fallback
   ```

3. **Publishing Flow**
   ```
   CreativeStudio/Queue → POST /api/publishing/publish
   → Job creation → Background processing → Platform APIs
   → Log results → Status updates via polling
   ```

4. **Error Handling**
   ```
   Frontend: try/catch → Safe parse → Status checks → Toast/UI
   Backend: Zod validation → AppError class → Middleware → JSON response
   ```

## Component Analysis

### Advisor Panels (7 implementations)
1. **AdvisorPanel**: Dashboard general insights
2. **InsightsFeed**: Dashboard quick tips sidebar
3. **AnalyticsAdvisor**: Analytics page performance insights
4. **CreativeStudioAdvisor**: Design recommendations
5. **QueueAdvisor**: Content review tips
6. **ReviewAdvisor**: Auto-reply suggestions
7. **SchedulingAdvisor**: Optimal posting times

**Status**: All components created with proper styling and interactivity. 2 use mock data, 5 ready for real data integration.

### Page Structure (23 pages)
- 7 core navigation pages
- 5 strategy/brand pages
- 4 asset management pages
- 4 settings pages
- 3 additional pages (reporting, content generator, paid ads)

All pages properly integrated with routing, context providers, and hooks.

### UI Components (40+ base components)
- Form elements (Input, Select, Textarea, etc.)
- Layout components (Card, Dialog, Drawer, etc.)
- Data display (Table, Badge, Progress, etc.)
- Special components (ErrorBoundary, SmartTooltip, etc.)

All components properly typed and exported.

## Backend Architecture

### Route Organization (25+ route files)
```
/api/
├─ analytics/ - Metrics, insights, goals, alerts
├─ publishing/ - OAuth, publish, jobs, retry
├─ brand-intelligence/ - AI analysis and feedback
├─ agents/ - Agent operations and review queue
├─ approvals/ - Content approval workflow
├─ bulk-approvals/ - Batch operations
├─ audit/ - Audit logs and search
├─ client-portal/ - Client approval interface
├─ client-settings/ - Client preferences
├─ media/ - Asset upload and management
├─ preferences/ - User preferences
├─ webhooks/ - Zapier, Make, Slack, HubSpot
├─ white-label/ - Branding configuration
├─ workflow/ - Workflow templates and execution
├─ integrations/ - Third-party integration management
├─ crawler/ - Web crawling for research
├─ escalations/ - Escalation handling
├─ ai-metrics/ - AI performance metrics
└─ builder/ - Design builder integration
```

### Database Services (Supabase/PostgreSQL)
- **analyticsDB**: Metrics and insights queries
- **publishingDBService**: Publishing jobs and logs
- **mediaDBService**: Asset management
- **connectionsDB**: OAuth token storage
- **workflowDBService**: Workflow storage
- **auditLogger**: Audit trail logging

All services properly typed and error-handled.

### AI Integration
- **OpenAI**: GPT-4, GPT-3.5-turbo
- **Anthropic**: Claude 3 Opus, Sonnet, Haiku
- **Agents**: Content linter, brand fidelity scorer
- **Fallback**: Claude if OpenAI unavailable

## Data Sources & Integrations

### Supported Platforms
1. **Meta** (Instagram, Facebook) - Graph API v18.0
2. **LinkedIn** - Personal and company profiles
3. **Twitter/X** - Tweet publishing
4. **TikTok** - Video publishing
5. **YouTube** - Video metadata and analytics
6. **Pinterest** - Pin creation and management
7. **Google Business** - Event and review management
8. **Stripe** - Billing (mock implementation)

### Third-Party Integrations
- **Zapier**: Workflow automation
- **Make**: Advanced automation
- **Slack**: Notifications and commands
- **HubSpot**: CRM integration

### External Services
- **Supabase**: Database and Auth
- **Socket.io**: Real-time WebSocket
- **OpenAI/Claude**: AI content generation

## Security Implementation

### Frontend
- React Error Boundary for component error catching
- Safe JSON parsing with type validation
- No sensitive data in localStorage
- OAuth flow with state parameter validation
- Auth context gates all protected routes

### Backend
- CSRF protection via state tokens
- OAuth token encryption in database
- RLS policies in Supabase
- Zod validation on all inputs
- Centralized error handling
- Request ID tracing
- No sensitive data in error responses
- Rate limiting on critical endpoints

## Performance Considerations

### Optimizations In Place
- React Query caching (5-minute TTL)
- WebSocket for real-time updates
- Component memoization (useCallback)
- Code splitting via React Router
- LocalStorage autosave for brand guide
- Lazy loading of pages and components

### Identified Opportunities
- Image optimization in library
- Bundle size analysis and optimization
- Virtual scrolling for large lists
- Query parameter pagination
- Service worker for offline support
- Database query optimization

## Testing Status

### Test Files Present
- 26 test files in server/__tests__/
- 7 test files in client/__tests__/
- e2e tests in e2e/ directory

### Test Coverage
- API routes: Partial coverage
- Components: Limited coverage
- Hooks: Minimal coverage
- Error handling: Good coverage
- Authentication: Good coverage

### Gaps
- UI component testing needs expansion
- Integration tests needed
- E2E test automation
- Performance testing
- Load testing

## Known Issues & TODOs

### Identified TODOs in Code
1. Replace analytics mock data with real Supabase queries
2. Implement real AI advisor data generation
3. Complete webhook handler implementations
4. Replace placeholder analytics with real data
5. Analytics placeholder message: "TODO: Replace with real analytics provider"

### Architecture Gaps
1. Publishing queue not connected to background jobs
2. Some Analytics API endpoints return mock data
3. Webhook retry logic not fully implemented
4. Real-time analytics might need optimization
5. Database migrations need to be documented

## File Summary

### Total Files Reviewed
- Pages: 23
- Dashboard Components: 90+
- UI Components: 40+
- Hooks: 14
- Contexts: 4
- Backend Routes: 25
- Backend Services: 14+
- Shared Types: 24

### Total Lines of Code
- Frontend: ~50,000 lines
- Backend: ~35,000 lines
- Shared Types: ~10,000 lines
- **Total: ~95,000 lines**

### Documentation Created
1. **CODEBASE_ARCHITECTURE_OVERVIEW.md** (1,257 lines)
   - Complete architecture documentation
   - All sections detailed with code examples
   - Data flow patterns explained
   - All 7 advisor panels documented
   - Backend routes fully mapped
   - Error handling strategy detailed
   - Analytics and logging explained
   - Technology stack documented

2. **ARCHITECTURE_QUICK_REFERENCE.md** (385 lines)
   - Quick reference for developers
   - ASCII architecture diagrams
   - Data flow patterns in flowchart format
   - API routes summary table
   - Key files reference
   - Environment setup guide
   - Development workflow
   - Performance and security checklist

3. **EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md** (this file)
   - High-level findings
   - Implementation status
   - Component analysis
   - Backend architecture summary
   - Known issues and TODOs
   - File statistics

## Recommendations

### Immediate Priorities (High Impact)
1. **Replace Mock Data**: Connect advisor panels to real AI models
2. **Complete Analytics Integration**: Wire up real-time metrics from platform APIs
3. **Implement Publishing Queue**: Add background job processing
4. **Testing**: Expand test coverage for critical paths

### Medium-Term (1-2 months)
1. **Webhook Handlers**: Complete Zapier, Make, Slack, HubSpot integrations
2. **Performance Optimization**: Bundle analysis, code splitting improvements
3. **Mobile Responsiveness**: Refine for mobile devices
4. **Accessibility**: WCAG AA compliance audit and fixes

### Long-Term (3+ months)
1. **Internationalization**: Multi-language support
2. **Advanced Analytics**: Predictive analytics and forecasting
3. **Mobile Apps**: Native mobile applications
4. **Enterprise Features**: Advanced security, SSO, audit trails

## Conclusion

The Aligned-20AI dashboard is a well-architected, modern web application with:

- Strong foundation for content creation and management
- Comprehensive component library ready for feature expansion
- Robust error handling and validation
- Clear separation of concerns
- Good TypeScript type safety throughout
- Ready-to-integrate AI advisor system
- Multi-platform publishing infrastructure

The codebase is in good shape for production use with some mock data and placeholder implementations that need to be connected to real services. The architecture is scalable and maintainable, with clear patterns for adding new features.

## How to Use These Documents

1. **CODEBASE_ARCHITECTURE_OVERVIEW.md**
   - Read this for deep understanding of the entire system
   - Reference when adding new features
   - Use for onboarding new developers
   - Share with stakeholders for technical discussions

2. **ARCHITECTURE_QUICK_REFERENCE.md**
   - Keep this handy during development
   - Use for quick lookups of routes and components
   - Reference for API endpoint documentation
   - Share with frontend and backend teams

3. **EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md**
   - This document provides executive summary
   - Good for project status reporting
   - Reference for known issues and TODOs
   - Starting point for onboarding

---

**Exploration Completed**: November 11, 2024
**Total Time**: Comprehensive codebase review
**Files Analyzed**: 150+ source files
**Documentation Generated**: 2,042 lines across 3 documents

Commit message:

docs: Complete documentation cleanup and normalization - 100% complete
- Updated 160+ documentation files with POSTD branding
- Added status labels to all 78 phase documents
- Created canonical infrastructure documents:
  * DOCS_STYLE_GUIDE.md - Documentation standards
  * PHASE_OVERVIEW_STATUS.md - Master phase status
  * DOCS_TODO_BACKLOG.md - Consolidated TODO tracking
  * DOCS_INDEX.md - Enhanced canonical index
- Updated README.md with comprehensive entry point
- Fixed file paths throughout documentation
- Preserved ~30 historical files as intentional records
- Finalized documentation cleanup progress tracking

Status: 100% complete
Files: 446 total markdown files
Audited: 416+ (~93%)
Updated: 160+
Phase docs labeled: 78 (all)

EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md, after:

# POSTD Dashboard - Exploration Summary

> **Status:** 🕒 Historical – This document describes an early exploration of the POSTD platform from its earlier development phase. Some details may be outdated.  
> **Last Updated:** 2025-01-20

## Project Overview

**POSTD** is a comprehensive AI-powered social media management platform designed to help agencies and brands manage multiple social media accounts, create content, analyze performance, and collaborate with clients. The platform is built with modern web technologies and focuses on intelligent automation and real-time insights.

## Exploration Completed

### Scope
- Full client-side codebase exploration (23 pages, 90+ components)
- Complete server-side architecture (25+ route files, 14 service files)
- All data flow patterns and state management approaches
- All 7 AI advisor panel implementations
- Backend integrations and API structures
- Error handling and logging systems
- Analytics and real-time features

### Time Investment
- Thorough code review of critical files
- Deep dive into hooks and context implementations
- Analysis of all advisor panels
- Backend route and service structure mapping
- Error handling pattern documentation
- API integration strategy documentation

## Key Findings

### Architecture Strengths

1. **Well-Organized File Structure**
   - Clear separation of concerns (pages, components, hooks, contexts)
   - Feature-based organization in dashboard components
   - Consistent naming conventions
   - Shared types reduce duplication

2. **Comprehensive Component Library**
   - 90+ purpose-built dashboard components
   - 40+ reusable UI components
   - All components properly typed with TypeScript
   - Consistent styling approach using TailwindCSS

3. **Robust Error Handling**
   - Centralized error middleware on backend
   - Safe JSON parsing in hooks
   - HTTP status-specific error messages
   - Error boundary for React component errors
   - Request ID tracing for debugging

4. **Multiple Data Fetching Patterns**
   - Direct fetch() for specific needs
   - React Query for cached server state
   - WebSocket (Socket.io) for real-time updates
   - HTTP polling fallback for analytics

5. **AI Integration Foundation**
   - 7 advisor panel variants implemented
   - useBrandIntelligence hook with full error handling
   - Agent system for content validation
   - OpenAI and Claude provider support

### Implementation Status

#### Fully Implemented (20+ sections)
- Dashboard with insights and calendar
- Content creation (Creative Studio)
- Content management (Queue, Approvals)
- Analytics and reporting
- Campaign management
- Brand guides and intelligence
- Media library with multiple views
- Multi-workspace support
- Team collaboration features
- Client portal with approvals
- Event management
- Review management
- Settings and billing

#### Partially Implemented
- Real AI advisor generation (mock data in place)
- Publishing queue execution (job creation ready)
- Webhook handlers (routes defined, logic incomplete)
- Analytics real-time sync (WebSocket structure ready)

#### Mock/Placeholder
- AdvisorPanel and InsightsFeed (4 hardcoded insights)
- Some analytics data sources
- Stripe billing (mock)
- Stock image search (modal ready)

### Data Flow Patterns Identified

1. **Brand Intelligence Flow**
   ```
   useBrandIntelligence hook → API fetch → Safe JSON parsing
   → BrandIntelligence object → Display with feedback capability
   ```

2. **Real-Time Analytics**
   ```
   useRealtimeAnalytics hook → Socket.io → Analytics events
   → State update → Component re-render
   → HTTP polling fallback
   ```

3. **Publishing Flow**
   ```
   CreativeStudio/Queue → POST /api/publishing/publish
   → Job creation → Background processing → Platform APIs
   → Log results → Status updates via polling
   ```

4. **Error Handling**
   ```
   Frontend: try/catch → Safe parse → Status checks → Toast/UI
   Backend: Zod validation → AppError class → Middleware → JSON response
   ```

## Component Analysis

### Advisor Panels (7 implementations)
1. **AdvisorPanel**: Dashboard general insights
2. **InsightsFeed**: Dashboard quick tips sidebar
3. **AnalyticsAdvisor**: Analytics page performance insights
4. **CreativeStudioAdvisor**: Design recommendations
5. **QueueAdvisor**: Content review tips
6. **ReviewAdvisor**: Auto-reply suggestions
7. **SchedulingAdvisor**: Optimal posting times

**Status**: All components created with proper styling and interactivity. 2 use mock data, 5 ready for real data integration.

### Page Structure (23 pages)
- 7 core navigation pages
- 5 strategy/brand pages
- 4 asset management pages
- 4 settings pages
- 3 additional pages (reporting, content generator, paid ads)

All pages properly integrated with routing, context providers, and hooks.

### UI Components (40+ base components)
- Form elements (Input, Select, Textarea, etc.)
- Layout components (Card, Dialog, Drawer, etc.)
- Data display (Table, Badge, Progress, etc.)
- Special components (ErrorBoundary, SmartTooltip, etc.)

All components properly typed and exported.

## Backend Architecture

### Route Organization (25+ route files)
```
/api/
├─ analytics/ - Metrics, insights, goals, alerts
├─ publishing/ - OAuth, publish, jobs, retry
├─ brand-intelligence/ - AI analysis and feedback
├─ agents/ - Agent operations and review queue
├─ approvals/ - Content approval workflow
├─ bulk-approvals/ - Batch operations
├─ audit/ - Audit logs and search
├─ client-portal/ - Client approval interface
├─ client-settings/ - Client preferences
├─ media/ - Asset upload and management
├─ preferences/ - User preferences
├─ webhooks/ - Zapier, Make, Slack, HubSpot
├─ white-label/ - Branding configuration
├─ workflow/ - Workflow templates and execution
├─ integrations/ - Third-party integration management
├─ crawler/ - Web crawling for research
├─ escalations/ - Escalation handling
├─ ai-metrics/ - AI performance metrics
└─ builder/ - Design builder integration
```

### Database Services (Supabase/PostgreSQL)
- **analyticsDB**: Metrics and insights queries
- **publishingDBService**: Publishing jobs and logs
- **mediaDBService**: Asset management
- **connectionsDB**: OAuth token storage
- **workflowDBService**: Workflow storage
- **auditLogger**: Audit trail logging

All services properly typed and error-handled.

### AI Integration
- **OpenAI**: GPT-4, GPT-3.5-turbo
- **Anthropic**: Claude 3 Opus, Sonnet, Haiku
- **Agents**: Content linter, brand fidelity scorer
- **Fallback**: Claude if OpenAI unavailable

## Data Sources & Integrations

### Supported Platforms
1. **Meta** (Instagram, Facebook) - Graph API v18.0
2. **LinkedIn** - Personal and company profiles
3. **Twitter/X** - Tweet publishing
4. **TikTok** - Video publishing
5. **YouTube** - Video metadata and analytics
6. **Pinterest** - Pin creation and management
7. **Google Business** - Event and review management
8. **Stripe** - Billing (mock implementation)

### Third-Party Integrations
- **Zapier**: Workflow automation
- **Make**: Advanced automation
- **Slack**: Notifications and commands
- **HubSpot**: CRM integration

### External Services
- **Supabase**: Database and Auth
- **Socket.io**: Real-time WebSocket
- **OpenAI/Claude**: AI content generation

## Security Implementation

### Frontend
- React Error Boundary for component error catching
- Safe JSON parsing with type validation
- No sensitive data in localStorage
- OAuth flow with state parameter validation
- Auth context gates all protected routes

### Backend
- CSRF protection via state tokens
- OAuth token encryption in database
- RLS policies in Supabase
- Zod validation on all inputs
- Centralized error handling
- Request ID tracing
- No sensitive data in error responses
- Rate limiting on critical endpoints

## Performance Considerations

### Optimizations In Place
- React Query caching (5-minute TTL)
- WebSocket for real-time updates
- Component memoization (useCallback)
- Code splitting via React Router
- LocalStorage autosave for brand guide
- Lazy loading of pages and components

### Identified Opportunities
- Image optimization in library
- Bundle size analysis and optimization
- Virtual scrolling for large lists
- Query parameter pagination
- Service worker for offline support
- Database query optimization

## Testing Status

### Test Files Present
- 26 test files in server/__tests__/
- 7 test files in client/__tests__/
- e2e tests in e2e/ directory

### Test Coverage
- API routes: Partial coverage
- Components: Limited coverage
- Hooks: Minimal coverage
- Error handling: Good coverage
- Authentication: Good coverage

### Gaps
- UI component testing needs expansion
- Integration tests needed
- E2E test automation
- Performance testing
- Load testing

## Known Issues & TODOs

### Identified TODOs in Code
1. Replace analytics mock data with real Supabase queries
2. Implement real AI advisor data generation
3. Complete webhook handler implementations
4. Replace placeholder analytics with real data
5. Analytics placeholder message: "TODO: Replace with real analytics provider"

### Architecture Gaps
1. Publishing queue not connected to background jobs
2. Some Analytics API endpoints return mock data
3. Webhook retry logic not fully implemented
4. Real-time analytics might need optimization
5. Database migrations need to be documented

## File Summary

### Total Files Reviewed
- Pages: 23
- Dashboard Components: 90+
- UI Components: 40+
- Hooks: 14
- Contexts: 4
- Backend Routes: 25
- Backend Services: 14+
- Shared Types: 24

### Total Lines of Code
- Frontend: ~50,000 lines
- Backend: ~35,000 lines
- Shared Types: ~10,000 lines
- **Total: ~95,000 lines**

### Documentation Created
1. **CODEBASE_ARCHITECTURE_OVERVIEW.md** (1,257 lines)
   - Complete architecture documentation
   - All sections detailed with code examples
   - Data flow patterns explained
   - All 7 advisor panels documented
   - Backend routes fully mapped
   - Error handling strategy detailed
   - Analytics and logging explained
   - Technology stack documented

2. **ARCHITECTURE_QUICK_REFERENCE.md** (385 lines)
   - Quick reference for developers
   - ASCII architecture diagrams
   - Data flow patterns in flowchart format
   - API routes summary table
   - Key files reference
   - Environment setup guide
   - Development workflow
   - Performance and security checklist

3. **EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md** (this file)
   - High-level findings
   - Implementation status
   - Component analysis
   - Backend architecture summary
   - Known issues and TODOs
   - File statistics

## Recommendations

### Immediate Priorities (High Impact)
1. **Replace Mock Data**: Connect advisor panels to real AI models
2. **Complete Analytics Integration**: Wire up real-time metrics from platform APIs
3. **Implement Publishing Queue**: Add background job processing
4. **Testing**: Expand test coverage for critical paths

### Medium-Term (1-2 months)
1. **Webhook Handlers**: Complete Zapier, Make, Slack, HubSpot integrations
2. **Performance Optimization**: Bundle analysis, code splitting improvements
3. **Mobile Responsiveness**: Refine for mobile devices
4. **Accessibility**: WCAG AA compliance audit and fixes

### Long-Term (3+ months)
1. **Internationalization**: Multi-language support
2. **Advanced Analytics**: Predictive analytics and forecasting
3. **Mobile Apps**: Native mobile applications
4. **Enterprise Features**: Advanced security, SSO, audit trails

## Conclusion

The POSTD dashboard is a well-architected, modern web application with:

- Strong foundation for content creation and management
- Comprehensive component library ready for feature expansion
- Robust error handling and validation
- Clear separation of concerns
- Good TypeScript type safety throughout
- Ready-to-integrate AI advisor system
- Multi-platform publishing infrastructure

The codebase is in good shape for production use with some mock data and placeholder implementations that need to be connected to real services. The architecture is scalable and maintainable, with clear patterns for adding new features.

## How to Use These Documents

1. **CODEBASE_ARCHITECTURE_OVERVIEW.md**
   - Read this for deep understanding of the entire system
   - Reference when adding new features
   - Use for onboarding new developers
   - Share with stakeholders for technical discussions

2. **ARCHITECTURE_QUICK_REFERENCE.md**
   - Keep this handy during development
   - Use for quick lookups of routes and components
   - Reference for API endpoint documentation
   - Share with frontend and backend teams

3. **EXPLORATION_SUMMARY.md**
   - This document provides executive summary
   - Good for project status reporting
   - Reference for known issues and TODOs
   - Starting point for onboarding

---

**Exploration Completed**: November 11, 2024
**Total Time**: Comprehensive codebase review
**Files Analyzed**: 150+ source files
**Documentation Generated**: 2,042 lines across 3 documents
