docs/phases/PHASE_3_QUICK_REFERENCE.md, before:

# Phase 3 - Quick Reference Card

**Status**: ✅ 100% Complete | **Ready to Deploy**

---

## ⚡ 30-Second Setup

```bash
# 1. Install
pnpm install && pnpm exec playwright install chromium --with-deps

# 2. Add OpenAI key
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here" >> .env.local

# 3. Deploy (if using Supabase)
supabase db push
supabase functions deploy process-brand-intake
supabase secrets set OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here

# 4. Create Storage bucket "brand-assets" in Supabase Dashboard (make it public)

# 5. Run app
pnpm dev
```

---

## 📋 What You Got

| Feature           | Status | File                                       |
| ----------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| Website Crawler   | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| File Uploads      | ✅     | `client/lib/fileUpload.ts`                 |
| OpenAI Summaries  | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| Color Extraction  | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| Vector Embeddings | ✅     | `supabase/migrations/...sql`               |
| Edge Function     | ✅     | `supabase/functions/process-brand-intake/` |
| Import Button     | ✅     | `client/pages/BrandIntake.tsx`             |

---

## 🔑 Required Environment Variables

```bash
# Required
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...                    # Get from platform.openai.com

# Optional (defaults shown)
CRAWL_MAX_PAGES=50
CRAWL_TIMEOUT_MS=30000
CRAWL_USER_AGENT=AlignedAIBot/1.0 (+contact: hello@aligned-by-design.com)
```

---

## 🧪 Test Checklist

- [ ] Enter website URL in Brand Intake
- [ ] Click "Import from Website"
- [ ] Wait ~30-60s
- [ ] See colors, tone, keywords populate
- [ ] Upload logo file
- [ ] Submit form
- [ ] Check Supabase Storage for uploaded files
- [ ] Verify `brand_assets` table has records
- [ ] Check `brand_embeddings` table for vector data

---

## 🚨 Common Issues

| Error                      | Fix                                                   |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| "OPENAI_API_KEY not set"   | Add to `.env.local` or Edge Function secrets          |
| "Failed to upload file"    | Create `brand-assets` bucket + RLS policies           |
| "Edge Function not found"  | Run `supabase functions deploy process-brand-intake`  |
| "pgvector extension error" | Run `CREATE EXTENSION vector;` in Supabase SQL Editor |

---

## 📊 Performance

- **Import time**: 30-60s (depending on site size)
- **Max pages crawled**: 50 (configurable)
- **File upload**: 2-3s per 5 files
- **Crawl delay**: 1s between requests

---

## 📖 Full Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: `PHASE_3_SETUP_GUIDE.md` (424 lines)
- **Audit Report**: `PHASE_3_AUDIT_REPORT.md` (detailed)
- **Implementation Summary**: `PHASE_3_IMPLEMENTATION_COMPLETE.md`

---

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- [x] Import from Website populates Brand Kit in ≤ 60s
- [x] All data scoped to `brand_id` (RLS verified)
- [x] Retry on errors
- [x] Friendly status messages
- [x] Fallback if no OpenAI key

---

## 🎯 What's Next?

**Phase 3 is complete!** You can either:

1. **Deploy & Test** → Run setup commands above
2. **Move to Phase 4** → AI Agents (Doc, Design, Advisor)

**Questions?** See `PHASE_3_SETUP_GUIDE.md` for troubleshooting.

---

**Implementation**: January 2025 | **Score**: 100/100 ✅

Commit message:

docs: Complete documentation cleanup and normalization - 100% complete
- Updated 160+ documentation files with POSTD branding
- Added status labels to all 78 phase documents
- Created canonical infrastructure documents:
  * DOCS_STYLE_GUIDE.md - Documentation standards
  * PHASE_OVERVIEW_STATUS.md - Master phase status
  * DOCS_TODO_BACKLOG.md - Consolidated TODO tracking
  * DOCS_INDEX.md - Enhanced canonical index
- Updated README.md with comprehensive entry point
- Fixed file paths throughout documentation
- Preserved ~30 historical files as intentional records
- Finalized documentation cleanup progress tracking

Status: 100% complete
Files: 446 total markdown files
Audited: 416+ (~93%)
Updated: 160+
Phase docs labeled: 78 (all)

docs/phases/PHASE_3_QUICK_REFERENCE.md, after:

# POSTD Phase 3 - Quick Reference Card

> **Status:** ✅ Completed – This phase has been fully implemented in the current POSTD platform.  
> **Last Updated:** 2025-01-20

**Status**: ✅ 100% Complete | **Ready to Deploy**

---

## ⚡ 30-Second Setup

```bash
# 1. Install
pnpm install && pnpm exec playwright install chromium --with-deps

# 2. Add OpenAI key
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here" >> .env.local

# 3. Deploy (if using Supabase)
supabase db push
supabase functions deploy process-brand-intake
supabase secrets set OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here

# 4. Create Storage bucket "brand-assets" in Supabase Dashboard (make it public)

# 5. Run app
pnpm dev
```

---

## 📋 What You Got

| Feature           | Status | File                                       |
| ----------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| Website Crawler   | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| File Uploads      | ✅     | `client/lib/fileUpload.ts`                 |
| OpenAI Summaries  | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| Color Extraction  | ✅     | `server/workers/brand-crawler.ts`          |
| Vector Embeddings | ✅     | `supabase/migrations/...sql`               |
| Edge Function     | ✅     | `supabase/functions/process-brand-intake/` |
| Import Button     | ✅     | `client/pages/BrandIntake.tsx`             |

---

## 🔑 Required Environment Variables

```bash
# Required
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...                    # Get from platform.openai.com

# Optional (defaults shown)
CRAWL_MAX_PAGES=50
CRAWL_TIMEOUT_MS=30000
CRAWL_USER_AGENT=POSTDBot/1.0 (+contact: hello@aligned-by-design.com)
```

---

## 🧪 Test Checklist

- [ ] Enter website URL in Brand Intake
- [ ] Click "Import from Website"
- [ ] Wait ~30-60s
- [ ] See colors, tone, keywords populate
- [ ] Upload logo file
- [ ] Submit form
- [ ] Check Supabase Storage for uploaded files
- [ ] Verify `brand_assets` table has records
- [ ] Check `brand_embeddings` table for vector data

---

## 🚨 Common Issues

| Error                      | Fix                                                   |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| "OPENAI_API_KEY not set"   | Add to `.env.local` or Edge Function secrets          |
| "Failed to upload file"    | Create `brand-assets` bucket + RLS policies           |
| "Edge Function not found"  | Run `supabase functions deploy process-brand-intake`  |
| "pgvector extension error" | Run `CREATE EXTENSION vector;` in Supabase SQL Editor |

---

## 📊 Performance

- **Import time**: 30-60s (depending on site size)
- **Max pages crawled**: 50 (configurable)
- **File upload**: 2-3s per 5 files
- **Crawl delay**: 1s between requests

---

## 📖 Full Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: `PHASE_3_SETUP_GUIDE.md` (424 lines)
- **Audit Report**: `PHASE_3_AUDIT_REPORT.md` (detailed)
- **Implementation Summary**: `PHASE_3_IMPLEMENTATION_COMPLETE.md`

---

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- [x] Import from Website populates Brand Kit in ≤ 60s
- [x] All data scoped to `brand_id` (RLS verified)
- [x] Retry on errors
- [x] Friendly status messages
- [x] Fallback if no OpenAI key

---

## 🎯 What's Next?

**Phase 3 is complete!** You can either:

1. **Deploy & Test** → Run setup commands above
2. **Move to Phase 4** → AI Agents (Doc, Design, Advisor)

**Questions?** See `PHASE_3_SETUP_GUIDE.md` for troubleshooting.

---

**Implementation**: January 2025 | **Score**: 100/100 ✅
