docs/README.md, before:

# POSTD Design System Documentation

Welcome to the complete documentation for the POSTD design system. This folder contains everything you need to understand, implement, and extend the design system.

## 📚 Documentation Files

### 🚀 [SETUP_GUIDE.md](SETUP_GUIDE.md)
**Start here!** Complete setup instructions and quick start guide.

- Prerequisites and installation status
- 5-minute quick start
- Verification checklist
- Common tasks
- Troubleshooting

**Time to read:** 10 minutes

---

### 🎨 [DESIGN_SYSTEM.md](DESIGN_SYSTEM.md)
Complete reference for all design tokens and visual language.

- **Colors:** 30+ variables (indigo, lime, blue, slate, status)
- **Typography:** Font families and weights
- **Spacing:** 8pt grid system (0.5rem - 4rem)
- **Shadows:** 5 shadow scales
- **Z-Index:** Layering system
- **Animations:** 20+ animation types
- **Glassmorphism:** Glass effect implementation
- **CSS Variables:** Complete reference

**Time to read:** 20 minutes

---

### 🧩 [COMPONENTS.md](COMPONENTS.md)
API reference and usage examples for all components.

**Landing Components (13):** HeroSection, ProblemSection, PromiseSection, HowItWorksSection, WhatItFeelsLikeSection, WhyTeamsLoveItSection, TestimonialsSection, ZiaQuotePanel, FinalCTASection, DashboardVisual, ProblemVisuals, InteractiveStoryFlow, LiveDemoPreview

**Dashboard Components (6):** ZiaMascot, GoodNews, InsightsFeed, Sparkline, CalendarAccordion, AnalyticsPanel

**Time to read:** 25 minutes

---

### 📖 [INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md](INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)
Step-by-step guide to integrating the design system into development.

- Quick start (5 minutes)
- Detailed integration steps
- Using design tokens
- Using animations
- Connecting real data
- Common patterns
- Performance optimization
- Troubleshooting

**Time to read:** 30 minutes

---

### 🏗️ [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md)
Design decisions and architectural overview.

- System overview and principles
- Architecture layers
- Component design patterns
- Technology stack
- Styling approach
- Animation strategy
- Scalability and future enhancements
- Contributing guidelines

**Time to read:** 25 minutes

---

### ✅ [TEST_REPORT.md](TEST_REPORT.md)
Comprehensive test results and verification report.

- Executive summary
- 10 test categories
- Test results (build, types, components, etc.)
- Performance metrics
- Quality metrics
- Known issues
- Recommendations

**Time to read:** 15 minutes

---

## 🎯 Quick Start

1. **Verify Setup** → Run `npm run build:client` (should pass)
2. **Read Guide** → Open [SETUP_GUIDE.md](SETUP_GUIDE.md)
3. **Learn Components** → Read [COMPONENTS.md](COMPONENTS.md)
4. **Build** → Follow patterns in [INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md](INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)

---

## 📊 System Status

✅ **Production Ready**
- Build Status: Passing (0 errors)
- Tests: 828/947 passing
- Components: 19 production-ready
- Design Tokens: 100+ CSS variables
- Browser Support: Chrome 76+, Firefox 103+, Safari 9+, Edge 79+

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

```bash
# Verify setup
npm run build:client

# Start development
npm run dev

# Check tests
npm run test
```

---

**Status:** ✅ Production Ready
**Last Updated:** November 11, 2025
**Commit:** `8e9e89c`

Commit message:

docs: fix 3 BLOCKER issues (status vocab, precedence, entry points)
- BLOCKER A: Created canonical status model (docs/01_architecture/CONTENT_STATUS_MODEL.md)
- BLOCKER A: Added redirect banners to 4 conflicting docs
- BLOCKER B: Added precedence rules to DOCS_INDEX.md
- BLOCKER B: Clarified scope in docs claiming authority
- BLOCKER C: Established README.md as primary entry point
- BLOCKER C: Added scope banners to context-specific entry points
- Created target folder structure (docs/00_start_here/ through docs/07_archive/)
- Created docs/_meta/ with reorganization log and principles

Files changed: 12 updated, 3 created
Tests: pnpm typecheck passed 4x

docs/README.md, after:

# POSTD Design System Documentation

> ℹ️ **SCOPE:** This directory covers **design system and UI components ONLY**  
> **Not covered:** Backend architecture, API contracts, workflows  
> **See also:** [DOCS_INDEX.md](../DOCS_INDEX.md) (root) for complete system documentation

Welcome to the complete documentation for the POSTD design system. This folder contains everything you need to understand, implement, and extend the design system.

## 📚 Documentation Files

### 🚀 [SETUP_GUIDE.md](SETUP_GUIDE.md)
**Start here!** Complete setup instructions and quick start guide.

- Prerequisites and installation status
- 5-minute quick start
- Verification checklist
- Common tasks
- Troubleshooting

**Time to read:** 10 minutes

---

### 🎨 [DESIGN_SYSTEM.md](DESIGN_SYSTEM.md)
Complete reference for all design tokens and visual language.

- **Colors:** 30+ variables (indigo, lime, blue, slate, status)
- **Typography:** Font families and weights
- **Spacing:** 8pt grid system (0.5rem - 4rem)
- **Shadows:** 5 shadow scales
- **Z-Index:** Layering system
- **Animations:** 20+ animation types
- **Glassmorphism:** Glass effect implementation
- **CSS Variables:** Complete reference

**Time to read:** 20 minutes

---

### 🧩 [COMPONENTS.md](COMPONENTS.md)
API reference and usage examples for all components.

**Landing Components (13):** HeroSection, ProblemSection, PromiseSection, HowItWorksSection, WhatItFeelsLikeSection, WhyTeamsLoveItSection, TestimonialsSection, ZiaQuotePanel, FinalCTASection, DashboardVisual, ProblemVisuals, InteractiveStoryFlow, LiveDemoPreview

**Dashboard Components (6):** ZiaMascot, GoodNews, InsightsFeed, Sparkline, CalendarAccordion, AnalyticsPanel

**Time to read:** 25 minutes

---

### 📖 [INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md](INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)
Step-by-step guide to integrating the design system into development.

- Quick start (5 minutes)
- Detailed integration steps
- Using design tokens
- Using animations
- Connecting real data
- Common patterns
- Performance optimization
- Troubleshooting

**Time to read:** 30 minutes

---

### 🏗️ [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md)
Design decisions and architectural overview.

- System overview and principles
- Architecture layers
- Component design patterns
- Technology stack
- Styling approach
- Animation strategy
- Scalability and future enhancements
- Contributing guidelines

**Time to read:** 25 minutes

---

### ✅ [TEST_REPORT.md](TEST_REPORT.md)
Comprehensive test results and verification report.

- Executive summary
- 10 test categories
- Test results (build, types, components, etc.)
- Performance metrics
- Quality metrics
- Known issues
- Recommendations

**Time to read:** 15 minutes

---

## 🎯 Quick Start

1. **Verify Setup** → Run `npm run build:client` (should pass)
2. **Read Guide** → Open [SETUP_GUIDE.md](SETUP_GUIDE.md)
3. **Learn Components** → Read [COMPONENTS.md](COMPONENTS.md)
4. **Build** → Follow patterns in [INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md](INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)

---

## 📊 System Status

✅ **Production Ready**
- Build Status: Passing (0 errors)
- Tests: 828/947 passing
- Components: 19 production-ready
- Design Tokens: 100+ CSS variables
- Browser Support: Chrome 76+, Firefox 103+, Safari 9+, Edge 79+

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

```bash
# Verify setup
npm run build:client

# Start development
npm run dev

# Check tests
npm run test
```

---

**Status:** ✅ Production Ready
**Last Updated:** November 11, 2025
**Commit:** `8e9e89c`
